# Data Cleaning + EDA - Superstore #


## Introduction ##
Superstore is an american company that sells all kinds of goods.

## Source ##
The data source is [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/vivek468/superstore-dataset-final).

## Objective ##
This project aims to understand which products, regions, categories, and customer segments the Superstore should target or avoid.

## Conclusions ##

Analyzing sales allows us to observe their characteristics, the most relevant products that the company sells, the categories to which they belong, the geographical areas with the strongest sales, etc. This allows us to suggest some recommendations based on the evidence of the data:

   - As previously shown, 80% of these are concentrated in 20% of the products, therefore it would be optimal to concentrate resources on them.
   - I would recommend paying attention to the 18 products that generate the highest margin and have the highest speed of sale. One suggestion could be to increase efforts in marketing campaigns that increase the popularity of these products in the central and southern regions of the country.
   - The products with the highest discount percentage are those that generate the least number of units sold, so the policy could be modified when assigning them, in such a way that it could attract more sales.
   - It has been observed that 60% of sales are concentrated in the eastern and western regions of the country.
   - The states of California and New York concentrate 35% of the accumulated sales in dollars. A possible marketing strategy could be to increase the promotion actions of the categories with less traction as has been seen the Technology category is the one that sells the least, and yet it is the one that generates the highest profits, so it would be optimal to make a more aggressive sales strategy on this category.
   - The consumer segment is the one that makes the most sales, above the corporate or Home Office. In addition, the proportion between the different categories remains stable, with the consumer segment always being in the first place, corporate in the second, and Home Office third.
   - Over the years, the proportion of orders generated by segment has been maintained. However, the data goes up to the year 2017. Probably if the data goes up to today, the proportions between corporate and home office would be inverted given the context of the pandemic that the world went through and the increase in remote work by the companies. Given that this relationship is likely to continue, a good recommendation would be to concentrate efforts on this segment.
